Readme.adoc, before:

= AsciiDoc Tests
:imagesdir: ./assets/images/
*Table of Content*
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toclevels: 4


== Align Images

The official way **does not work**

Left:

image::logo.png[width="100",height="100",align="left"]

Center:

image::logo.png[width="100",height="100",align="center"]

Right:

image::logo.png[width="100",height="100",align="right"]

Let's try different:

Left:

++++
<p align="left">
<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" width="100" height="100">
</p>
++++




Center:

++++
<p align="center">

<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" width="100" height="100" >
</p>

++++

Right:

++++
<p align="right">
<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" width="100" height="100" >
</p>

++++


=== Add a Video

This is a summarize of agrirouter.Connect2018 in Kiekeberg:


As you see, the normal embedding doesn't work.

video::GMoYV4GAz9k[youtube]

Lets try some HTML Code instead

++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GMoYV4GAz9k" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

Also this doesn't work

Commit message:

Added Video via embedded Link Picture

Readme.adoc, after:

= AsciiDoc Tests
:imagesdir: ./assets/images/
*Table of Content*
:toc:
:toc-title:
:toclevels: 4


== Align Images

The official way **does not work**

Left:

image::logo.png[width="100",height="100",align="left"]

Center:

image::logo.png[width="100",height="100",align="center"]

Right:

image::logo.png[width="100",height="100",align="right"]

Let's try different:

Left:

++++
<p align="left">
<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" width="100" height="100">
</p>
++++




Center:

++++
<p align="center">

<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" width="100" height="100" >
</p>

++++

Right:

++++
<p align="right">
<img src="./assets/images/logo.png" width="100" height="100" >
</p>

++++


== Add a Video

This is a summarize of agrirouter.Connect2018 in Kiekeberg:


As you see, the normal embedding doesn't work.

video::GMoYV4GAz9k[youtube]

Lets try some HTML Code instead

++++
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GMoYV4GAz9k" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
++++

Also this doesn't work

I lately learned, that you can however "embed" a video using a preview image and a background link:

image:https://img.youtube.com/vi/A8RXsJpvi5U/0.jpg[link="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8RXsJpvi5U"]
